feat: update the message pin endpoints (#1306)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1305.deprecate.rst

> Deprecate awaiting :meth:`.Messageable.pins` in favour of ``async for msg in channel.pins()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecate ``await :meth:`.Messageable.pins` `` in favor of ``async for message in channel.pins()``.
```

Though, need to see how sphinx builds this first.
